{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww12540\viewh12820\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Griffith Wood                               		about 2,600 words\uc0\u8232 42 Calderwood Way\u8232 Carlisle, MA 01741\u8232 (781) 786-1606\u8232 griffithcwood@comcast.net\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\
\
\
Death, Taxes, Terms, and Conditions	\uc0\u8232 by Griffith Wood\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93Congratulations, You are dead.\'94\
I awoke in a startlingly white and empty room. The walls pulsed with a faint pale luminescence. Where was I? I looked around and saw that I was sitting at a table. \
\'93What?\'94 I said. I blinked hard, trying to focus on the world that was spinning around me. I saw a man in a black suit sitting across. The man had his head cocked slightly to the left and moved his lips in what could only be described as an attempted smile. His skin was bone white and he was at least half a foot taller than me. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wood / Terms Conditions / 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93You\'92re dead,\'94 said the man. \'93It only happens once you know. Quite the occasion, maybe you-\'94\
\'93Alright, I get it,\'94 I interrupted the smiling man. \'93But, I still don\'92t understand where I am and how I got here\'94. I began to slowly stand up.\
\'93It\'92ll all make sense in due time, but if you could stay seated it will make this process much easier for me.\'94 said the man. He coughed politely and continued speaking. \'93Good morning, I am LR-17,\'94 said the man. \'93And I represent the AfterDeath Corporation, how many I help you this lovely afterlife?\'94 \
\'93Why am I here?\'94 I asked. \'93And if I\'92m really dead, why am I still, you know, alive?\'94 \
\'93Ah,\'94 said LR-17. \'93You are one of our new experimental units, so please give me some extra time to explain your situation.\'94 He spoke to me in the soft and comforting tone you would normally reserve for a worried child. \
LR-17 went on to explain that he represented a corporation that \'93re-engineered\'94  and \'93re-vitalized\'94 minds after they had died. We were currently in the twenty-third century and the AfterDeath corporation had been granted the privilege to simulate and re-create minds from the early twenty-first century. He also explained that we were currently sitting inside \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 an advanced digital network connecting multiple recreated intelligences. He also explained that the future was unlike anything the minds of the twenty-first century could imagine. His voice lit up\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wood / Terms Conditions / 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0  with rehearsed glee, \'93Almost like magic isn\'92t it?\'94 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93But how did you get the information to create well, me?\'94 I asked. \
\'93It was quite simple really, we took information from what remained of your various social media accounts. The rest was filled in by an advanced neural network.\'94 LR-17 smiled at me as if to as I was supposed to understand what any of this meant. \
\'93Wait, so am I real?\'94 I asked. \
\'93Real yes, but you\'92re more of an imprint of the human being you\'92re based on.\'94 He paused for a moment and considered what he just said. After thinking for a few seconds, he quickly followed up with: \'93Of course, you\'92re the one that gets to experience eternal life. Assuming you decide to of course.\'94\
\'93Oh.\'94 I said. My mind was at a loss for words. I looked back into my memories. I could remember them all too perfectly. Instead of the foggy and monochrome visions that I normally had when I recalled events, my memories were oddly vivid and real. However, they didn\'92t feel real, it was like watching a movie based on my life. \
LR-17 looked at me in a concerned manner. \'93If it\'92s any consolation, think of yourself as the upgraded version of your old form. The You 2.0 if you will.\'94 \
\'93I suppose,\'94 I said. \'93Not that I asked for it.\'94 I added. I tried to make my discontent as obvious as possible. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 LR-17 ignored my remark. \'93Regardless, let\'92s get down to business shall we?\'94 LR-17 produced a briefcase out of thin air. He clicked it\uc0\u8232 Wood / Terms Conditions / 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 open and began to take papers out.\
I opened my mouth to speak but LR-17 interrupted me. \'93You currently have the option to join the AfterWeb, a collection of recreated individuals and plenty of ways to entertain yourself. This includes almost all media currently available to the living and a few things that are only available on the AfterWeb for er-nostalgic reasons.\'94 In addition, there are numerous clubs, activities, and sports to be involved with other members of our AfterWeb community. And, think about all the new friends you\'92ll be able to make.\'94 He looked at me and after confirming that I was paying attention, continued. \'93Now, onto legal matters.\'94 He twirled a pen out of a suit pocket and clicked it for a little extra flair. His upper lips twitched again as he seemed to hold back a smile and said: \'93It took me a while to get that right.\'94 The words slid off of his tongue with practiced spontaneity. \
I thought about what exactly he meant for a moment before I saw him take out a booklet of paper and pass it towards me. I reluctantly took the pen out of his hand and looked down at the paper packet. I read the words \'93\ul TERMS AND CONDITIONS\ulnone \'94 on its front cover. I looked up at LR-17 suspiciously.\
\'93We tried to use the format and terminology that someone of your era would be most comfortable with.\'94 said LR-17. The ends of his mouth began to creak upwards before he corrected himself. \
\'93And what if I don\'92t want to sign it?\'94 I said. I didn\'92t like how LR-17 seemed to be shepherding me into this. If I was going to sign anything, I wanted it to be my choice and mine alone. \
For the first time, the ends of LR-17\'92s face began to crease\uc0\u8232                                             Wood / Terms Conditions / 5\u8232 downwards. It was for just a small moment but there was no missing it. Afterward, he quickly composed himself. He apologetically coughed before going into another well-rehearsed lecture. \'93Well, according to the Body-Mind Act of 2253, you are entitled to your mind in all of its forms.\'94 He paused for a moment and took a deep breath. \'93However, since we have re-created your body, it is the property of the AfterDeath Corporation. In the event that you do not choose to participate in our AfterWeb program, we will be forced to terminate your consciousness.\'94 He looked at me for a moment, added \'93The choice is yours.\'94 and flared his teeth.\
I began to read the contract. I read for what felt like a separate lifetime. I would periodically look up at LR-17 to seem him patiently watching me with his elbows on the table. As I read words, dates, and ideas I had never heard of swarmed through my mind, not to mention the incredibly complicated legal jargon that plagued the document. I looked up from the booklet only to realize that I was only halfway through the document. My heart sank.\
LR-17 smiled calmly at me and said, \'93If it\'92s any consolation, it\'92s not much longer than the Terms and Conditions of your era.\'94 I glared at him. He began to smile even more intensely.\
At that moment, I broke. I looked up from my booklet and conceded \'93Fine, you won, I\'92ll sign the stupid thing.\'94 \
At that moment, LR-17\'92s smile began to consume his entire face. Despite his apparent victory, he spoke in a tone no less calm than before, \'93Flip to page 327 and we can finish up the process.\'94\
I reluctantly flipped towards the page in the booklet and lifted \uc0\u8232                                             Wood / Terms Conditions / 6\u8232 the pen off the table and signed my name.\
LR-17 stood up, held his hands outwards and dramatically said: \'93Welcome to the AfterWeb.\'94 At that moment the all the walls sank inwards and revealed the digital world surrounding me. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I had been living in the AfterWeb for what felt like two years. Time functioned oddly here since you don\'92t need to eat or sleep. Some members of the AfterWeb did sleep but it was mostly a way to pass the time and endless \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 string of hours. You could still feel time passing but it was less noticeable without the distractions of a mortal body. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I had made a few friends in the AfterWeb, but mostly I kept to myself. Most of the other people were from the twenty-third Century. There were a few people from other centuries, including another from the twenty-first, but most of us just wanted to be left alone. In an effort to make the passing time more bearable I tried to pick up a hobby. All the activities I tried bored me. To make matters worse, all of the media available to me was mostly from the twenty-third Century. I remember when I first tried watching the twenty-third Century I didn\'92t even begin to comprehend. After trying everything else, I reluctantly picked up sculpture. \
I quickly learned that art in the AfterWeb worked differently than it does in the real world. Because the AfterWeb is essentially a large amalgamation of servers and software, Artists aren\'92t constrained by things like the laws of time and space. After a while, I had spent untold amounts of months, maybe even years creating vast and abstract \uc0\u8232                                             Wood / Terms Conditions / 7\u8232 binary sculptures that would fluctuate and morph in a simulated wind.\
The AfterWeb has a system of booths scattered around it, that allows the living to communicate with the dead. If you ever have a visitor, an assistant from the AfterDeath corporation will direct you towards the booth and they let you talk to your relatives or whoever wanted to talk to you. Since all of my relatives were presumed dead, I never got called to one of the booths. I didn\'92t particularly mind it, but it did increase my feelings of solitude.  \
I was working on a particularly large sculpture. It wasn\'92t my best work, but I was proud of it. I was finally able to find a luminosity that would allow the statue to glow a bit without obstructing details. I was just finishing up the final details on the statue when I saw a familiar smile walking towards me. \
I jumped down from my sculpture and landed in front of him. He seemed different from when I last saw him, fresher, younger. \
\'93Hey LR-17, uh, how are you? Long time no see and all that\'94. I stifled and stuttered through my words. Not talking to other people for extended periods of time had severely weakened my social abilities.\
He smiled one of his trademark smiles and said, \'93LR-23 now.\'94 His smile widened at my visible confusion. \'93Regardless,\'94 he continued, \'93You have a visitor.\'94 He pointed his hand towards a booth that was lighting up wildly. \'93After all, this is your first visit so we thought you might want some introduction to how this works.\'94 \
He directed me into the booth where I saw a young woman sitting in a chair. I don\'92t remember meeting anyone even remotely like her. The booth looked almost identical to the one I was in when I first entered \uc0\u8232                                             Wood / Terms Conditions / 8\u8232 the AfterWeb. LR-23 left the booth and the doors closed in on us. I sat down in the chair in front of her. \
The woman looked at me and smiled. \'93Hi, I'm Jeanine,\'94 she said. \'93And I\'92m a huge fan of your work.\'94\
\'93What?\'94 I said. \'93How do you know about my work?\'94 I couldn\'92t remember sharing my work with anyone in the AfterWeb, much less with the living. Jeanine looked at me with visible confusion. \'93Surely you must know of howfamous you are?\'94 she said. \'93You were proclaimed one of the planet\'92s most promising artists by the Global Art Committee just last week.\'94 \
\'93I don\'92t know what you're talking about,\'94 I said. \'93I just build sculptures to pass the time.\'94\
Jeanine smiled and casually laughed off my comment. \'93Oh don\'92t be so humble, you're an amazing artist!\'94 \
I stood up and I slammed my fist into the table. \'93What are you talking about?\'94 I screamed, \'93How do you know my work?\'94 \
Jeanine looked at me, astonished at my outburst. \'93They warned me that you were unstable,\'94 she said. \'93But I never expected this!\'94. Just moments after she got up from her seat and went back into the living world. \
I stood there for a moment, alone in the booth, contemplating my outburst. I lifted my hand and looked at it to see it turning an angry shade of red. I sighed and realized that something had gone terribly wrong. \
My reflections were interrupted by the sound of pleased clapping \uc0\u8232                                             Wood / Terms Conditions / 9\u8232 behind me. I turned around to see an all-too-familiar set of teeth. LR-23 was standing hunched in the corner of the booth. The pale luminescence of the walls seemed to darken around LR-23\'92s tall frame.  \
\'93Excellent!\'94 LR-23 proclaimed. \'93I couldn\'92t have designed it more perfectly myself.\'94 For the first time, I heard him speak with genuine happiness. LR-23 lowered his hands and aggressively positioned them at his sides. \
\'93What are you playing at LR-23?\'94 I asked. \
\'93Oh please,\'94 he said. \'93Do you really think anyone would revive a worthless, nobody from the twenty-first century for free?\'94 \
Suddenly, the realization hit me. The AfterDeath Corporation must have somehow released my sculptures to the public.\
\'93What did you do with my art?\'94, I asked. I tried to hide my fear behind my outrage but it only made LR-23 smile more. \
\'93\ul Your\ulnone  art?\'94 said LR-23. \'93I seem to recall you signing a contract that very clearly states that everything you create in the AfterWeb is the property of the AfterDeath corporation.\'94 \
\'93Why\'92d you do this?\'94 I asked. \
\'93The AfterDeath corporation can only make so much money off of saving wealthy patrons afraid of their own demise.\'94 LR-23 explained. \'93To cope with the exponentially increasing server demands my employers need to take up some side projects.\'94 \
As I looked at LR-23 something about him seemed to change. His normally clean and prepared look began to darken and become more dangerous. He looked like a wild animal, preparing to finish off its\uc0\u8232                                            Wood / Terms Conditions / 10\u8232 prey. \
\'93And what better way to do that than to take advantage of the minds we already have?\'94 LR-23\'92s voice began to pick up into a religious fervor. \'93We created you from the most creative memory fragments of the brightest minds dating back all the way to the twenty-first century.\'94 \'93You were engineered in a lab, to generate the most profitable creations!\'94 He began to breathe heavily. \'93You\'92re a virtual Frankenstein!\'94 he yelled.\
LR-23 began slowly walking towards me. The light from the walls of booth began to flicker on and off. \
\'93Of course, you weren\'92t the only one. But you were by far the most successful of my employer\'92s creations.\'94 LR-23 said.  \
\'93But you can\'92t harm me if I bring you profit, I\'92m still valuable to you!\'94 I yelled. I realized all too late that I was pleading for my life. LR-23 was backing me into a corner and I had no way to defend myself. \
\'93Oh, but that\'92s the best part,\'94 LR-23 said. \'93Our actuaries calculated that your art will soon decrease in value.\'94 LR-23\'92s smiled and bared his teeth at me. \'93But,\'94 he continued \'93If you were to tragically die, your art would triple in value\'94. LR-23 outstretched a gangly hand and turned it over in the flashing light. \'93We\'92ve been planting fake stories of your insane outbursts in the news. The meeting with your fan was only the icing on the cake.\'94 LR-23 shook his head violently. \'93No one would even question your demise.\'94 he said. \
LR-23 violently slammed one of his hands into my face. My head striked the wall behind me and I fell immediately to the floor. I felt \uc0\u8232                                            Wood / Terms Conditions / 11\u8232 blood trickle off my face as the world began to spin around me. The world began to fade as I saw one last grin escape from LR-23\'92s face. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 END\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
 \
\
\
}