{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww13140\viewh13420\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Griffith Wood                               		about 2,000 words\uc0\u8232 42 Calderwood Way\u8232 Carlisle, MA 01741\u8232 (781) 786-1606\u8232 griffithcwood@comcast.net\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\
\
\
The Light\
by Griffith Wood\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jack sat on his father\'92s porch looking out into cornfield in the humid spring air. It was one of those calm April nights with peepers and crickets filling the air with their mournful symphony. Jack laid his back down on the porch and looked up into the sky. The air was crystal clear tonight and he could count every star as they hung brightly in the crisp moonlight. The night was so clear, in fact, that Jack could see all the way past his father\'92s cornfield and in the distance, the nearby swamp.  Jack had snuck out a few minutes earlier to catch a breath of fresh air. His mother had recently grounded him and threatened to make him spend the entire weekend in his room as punishment.  Jack didn\'92t particularly care however, he knew he could \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wood / The Light / 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 always sneak out at night.\
 Jack sat up and looked out into the cornfields, off in the distance he could see a dim lantern light. He slid off the porch and started walking towards the light that he saw emanating from the cornfield. It was a natural yellow and it glowed proudly and alone in the dark night. As he walked towards it he began to hear a rustling in the cornfield. The lantern was moving towards him! \
Jack crouched down and began to creep closer to the light. His curiosity leading him deeper into the field. The stalks easily went over his head and surrounded him. Jack ran faster and faster towards the light, abandoning every care save for reaching the distant light. Despite how fast he ran towards the light it always seemed to be just a few feet in front of him. Jack leaned over to catch his breath. As he was panting, he looked up and saw a tall man standing right in front of him. In his right hand was an old oil lantern glowing with the same familiar dim light. \
The man was wearing worn brown work pants and a blue flannel shirt. Jack couldn\'92t see his face in the dark night but he was wearing a large floppy hat. \
\'93Hello, there little one.\'94 The man spoke as if he had something in his mouth and yet his voice was tender and sweet. He had warm air about him and Jack thought he smelled like freshly cut grass. \
Jack didn\'92t answer him.\
\'93I asked you a question.\'94 The man spoke forcefully and yet with the same kindness from before. \'93Don\'92t you know it\'92s impolite to refuse a \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wood / The Light / 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 greeting.\'94\
\'93Hello, sir.\'94 Jack looked downwards. \
 \'93No need to call me sir, little one.\'94 The man spoke softly. \'93What are you doing here, so late in the night?\'94 \
\'93My father owns this here field. \'94 Jack said. \'93I snuck out at night to catch some fresh air, with me being grounded and all.\'94\
\'93Is that so?\'94 The man looked around. Jack thought he seemed nervous.  \'93In that case, I\'92d better be off.\'94\
Jack grabbed the man\'92s long arm. \'93Where are you going?\'94\
The man turned and looked back into Jack\'92s face. Jack immediately felt the man\'92s arm tense. Jack let go and backed away slowly. The cornstalks rustled as the man took another step towards Jack. He backed away and fell into the stalks behind him. Suddenly the man\'92s posture softened. \
\'93My apologies little one,\'94 the man said. \'93I just don\'92t like folks touching me, that\'92s all.\'94 The man turned around and started to walk away. He stopped for a moment, looked over at Jack and said: \'93Tell ya what, tomorrow I\'92ll be out here with a little something to make up for me giving you a fright an all. Would you like that little one?\'94\
Jack nodded. \
#\
The next day Jack waited on his porch. No one came. The sun began to set on his father\'92s cornfield. Jack waited for a few hours but still, he saw no sign. Jack walked towards the doorway but stopped. He turned and looked back towards the cornfield. Just as he looked over a faint \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wood / The Light / 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 yellow glow emanated from the center of the field.  Jack ran down the hill and into the cornfield. He pushed passed corn stalks and ran deeper and deeper into the cornstalks. \
A few meters in front of him, Jack saw the man. He was sitting on the ground, in a clearing of cornstalks that looked like they had been torn down recently. The lantern rested calmly next to him. The man looked over to see Jack and beckoned him over. For the first time, Jack saw the man\'92s face. It looked worn but kind. The man had a warm smile on his face and nodded when Jack sat down next to him. Jack almost didn\'92t notice that his eyes were closed. \
\'93How are you, little one?\'94 The man said. Jack noticed a small parcel at the man\'92s side. \
\'93Why are your eyes closed?\'94 Jack asked, ignoring his question. \
The man chuckled for a bit and said \'93I was born this way. Blind, but I\'92ve picked up a few tricks on how to see.\'94\
\'93Oh,\'94 said Jack. \'93But why do you carry a lantern if you\'92re blind?\'94  \
\'93Aren\'92t you a clever little one?\'94 the man replied. \'93I carry it so that other people can see me. It would be a shame if someone were to run into me accidentally or mistake me for a thief\'94\
Jack lost interest in what the man was saying. He started to look down at the small parcel underneath his legs. \
The man smiled. \'93Looking at your gift little one?\'94 he said. \'93Well if you like, I\'92d be happy to give it to you now\'94\
	Jack nodded. The man handed him his gift and Jack gently opened \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wood / The Light / 5\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 the parcel. Inside the parcel was a small silver harmonica.  Jack gingerly picked up the instrument and held it in his hands. It glistened and glittered in the dim lanternlight. Jack held it up to his lips and took a deep breath inwards.\
	The man chuckled to himself and turned the harmonica around. Jack looked at the man and was turned a bright red. \
	\'93I\'92m going to assume you don\'92t know how to play it then?\'94 the man said. \
	Jack shook his head.\
	The man snatched the harmonica out of Jack\'92s hands and pressed it to his lips. He took a deep breath and began to play. The harmonica let out a shrill sigh obeying it\'92s player somewhat reluctantly. A mournful tune began to crawl its way out of the instrument. It started out low and timid, but as the song went on it grew increasingly confident. The man played he rocked his head slowly back and forth, the music slowly pouring out of the instrument and running into Jack\'92s ears like thick honey. It seemed that all the creatures of the night began to harmonize with the player\'92s mournful song. The peepers became a choir tearful backup signers singing along with the man\'92s melancholy tune. Slowly the song died out, leaving the peepers singing alone in the quiet night. \
Jack looked at the man. \'93That was beautiful,\'94  he said. \'93I don\'92t think I\'92ve ever heard anything like it.\'94\
The man smiled and nodded. He stared into the distance for a moment and then turned to face the young boy. \'93Would you like to learn how to play?\'94 he asked. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wood / The Light / 6\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jack nodded his head. He would give anything to learn how to play like that.\
The man gently placed the harmonica in the boy\'92s hands. \'93Take your left hand and curve it upwards, then take the other hand, place it inside your left hand, and curve it towards yourself.\'94 The man demonstrated with his own hands. \'93Good, now I want you to take a deep breath in and blow into a single hole of the instrument.\'94\
On and on they went, the man slowly teaching Jack how to play. Eventually, Jack was able to play a simple song. It was nothing compared to what the man could play but Jack was immensely proud of himself. The two practiced together deep into the night playing and practicing song after song until the first rays of the sun began to peek over the horizon. The man looked up into the sky and stood up. \
\'93Well, it looks like it\'92s time for you to go back home little one.\'94 he said. \
Jack stood up and handed the harmonica back to the man. \
\'93Oh, no little one, that\'92s yours\'94 the man refused. He pushed the harmonica back towards Jack and closed his hands around it. \'93Practice lots.\'94 The man turned around and disappeared into the corn stalks. Jack watched the man until he was just out of sight. He turned around and began to walk home. \
As he exited the cornfield, on his porch, he saw his mother, glaring at him with his arms crossed. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wood / The Light / 7\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Jack\'92s mother awoke in the night in a terrible sweat. She couldn\'92t \
place it but something felt terribly wrong. She got out of her bed and looked at her husband. He was still snoring loudly on the bed. She must have had a bad dream. Still, she couldn\'92t shake this feeling of crisis. She wondered if Jack had snuck out again. It had been a week since she first caught him sneaking out and with that damn harmonica in his hand. She hated that thing. She thought it was a piece of rusty scrap metal before Jack began to play music on it. If you could even call it that. \
The sounds that came from the harmonica were dreadfully shrill and loud.  It reminded her of a story that her own mother once told her. It was about a ghastly woman who was lost in the night and screamed a sound so loud that it would hurt anyone who was near it. That\'92s what she thought the harmonica sounded like. Jack had said that he found it in the cornfield but that made no sense to her. Who would just leave an instrument lying around like that? Why? It made no sense to her\
She walked down the stairs slowly, with each step creaking under her weight. She walked across the floor to the door that leads into Jack\'92s room. It was closed.\
She quietly knocked on the door and waited to hear a response. She waited for what seemed like an eternity before hovering her hand over the brass doorknob. She clutched the cold brass and slowly turned it. The door opened slowly with a gentle creak. \
It was just as she had expected. He was gone. \
Jack\'92s mother was furious. She stormed into his room and checked every nook and cranny for her son. She found nothing. She checked on top of \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Wood / The Light / 8\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 his drawer and saw that the damn harmonica was gone. She clenched her fist in rage. \
This was the fifth time this week that she had caught him sneaking out of the house. She had no idea why he wanted to be out of this house so badly. She didn\'92t even punish him any longer than his original grounding. She swore, if she found this boy, she would punish him to high heaven.\
She walked outside onto the porch. She was about to scream the boy\'92s name before she saw him. Far off, past the cornfield, she saw a sickly yellow light and a silhouette of two figures.  It looked to be a disturbingly tall and gangly man and he was holding hands with a smaller boy. \
The night was cool and a small wind had begun to pick up. The peepers and crickets joined together in a mournful dirge. The stars showed dimly that night. It was almost as if they had lost the will to shine but didn\'92t know how to stop. Even the moon itself hung lazily in the sky like it could come crashing down at any minute. \
Jack\'92s mother ran out of the house and down the hill. She tried to yell the name of her son but the words got caught in her throat. The tall silhouette turned its head towards her and even from this distance she saw its brilliantly bright eyes which cut through the dark night air.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\slmult1\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 END  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
 \
\
\
}